what's up everyone tech loud here and in
this video I'm going to review the
spigen case for HTC One m8 this version
is available in different colors and
this particular one is gunmetal version
and also if you look at this warning
small warning over here it says the
product may limit the remote control
functionality so after putting the case
I will test whether it is going to limit
the remote control functionality or not
and as you can see over here it is the
slim armor case for HTC One m8 and the
link is available in the description of
this video the case cost around twenty
dollars u.s. dollars and I bought this
one from amazon and let's open the box
and let's see how the case looks like
and how is the form and functionality of
this case for HTC One m8 so let's open
the box and let's see what is included
in the box and is the case and let me
check whether anything else is inside
nope that's pretty much it and here is
the case so as you can see it is
actually two tone colors this particular
one is the gunmetal color and this one
has the rubber casing inside and outside
this is a little bit harder plastic so
let's put the device inside the case so
i have actually removed the case into
two pieces and i'm going to apply the
rubber version first as you can see it
is applied already now i'm going to fit
the plastic the hard plastic version so
first i will put this side because
there are buttons on this side and the
other side was very easy to put so the
case is actually little bit actually
quite a lot bulkier as compared to the
official HTC one case and however it
seems to provide a nice bit of
protection because it will actually
sustain most of your from even edge
impacts as well at least that's what it
claims and I have no way to test this
one because I don't want to ruin my
brand new HTC One m8 so let's check out
the cutouts at the bottom we have
cutouts for the micro USB cable and the
headphone jack and on the side actually
we don't have the cutouts for the volume
button rather we have rubber wrap button
for the volume and let's see how well it
works and as you can see it works nicely
there are no issues and same is the case
with the top power button it has the
rubber padding on the top and it works
pretty well no issues here also if you
look from the side it does have the
raised edges so it's going to withstand
most of the impact even if it fell face
down only problem will be the small
pebbles and rocks that will touch the
screen and which can bypass these edges
but the flat surfaces I don't think it
will be a problem because this
particular side has the plastic as well
as the rubber padding so it's going to
sustain most of the impacts and still it
looks nice but it has made the device a
lot bulkier as you can see here so for
the protection sometimes you have to
sacrifice the thin as
and the form of the device I'm not a fan
of such type of cases but since i
actually prefer to use speakin cases so
I like this case and I brought this one
just to test how well this one goes if I
find that this is too heavy then
obviously i'm gonna replace this case
with the either the official case or
some other thin case so i'm going to
test the remote control functionality of
the HTC One m8 whether the remote
functionality works with the the case on
so I'm back and actually i have tested
the remote control functionality and it
is not working at all from any distance
even from the closest point i am not
able to turn on the TV using the remote
control function so if you are going to
buy this case obviously you need to keep
in mind that you are going to lose the
remote control functionality so actually
when i bought this case it was not
listed on the amazon website or probably
it is listed I probably might have
missed this particular function of this
case or rather lack of function you can
say so guys this is how this case looks
and this is how this case functions and
attached to this particular device and
it has a well-made cut house cutouts for
most of the things even for the
microphone and all so let me test the
camera also I'm little bit concerned
about this flash whether this flash will
work fine with this particular case or
not the flash does seems to work fine
and I don't see any issues with it I
have actually taken the picture and it
also looks fine so guys I hope that you
have liked the video thanks for watching
and subscribe for
more videos like that take care and I'll
see you later bye